Generate Application Connector certificates if not provided by the user (#4724)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/application-connector/05-05-application-connectivity-certs-setup-job.md

---
title: Application Connectivity Certs Setup Job
type: Configuration
---

To configure the Application Connectivity Certs Setup Job, override the default values of its `values.yaml` file. This document describes parameters that you can configure.

>**TIP:** To learn more about how to use overrides in Kyma, see the following documents: 
>* [Helm overrides for Kyma installation](/root/kyma/#configuration-helm-overrides-for-kyma-installation)
>* [Sub-charts overrides](/root/kyma/#configuration-helm-overrides-for-kyma-installation-sub-chart-overrides)

## Configurable parameters

This table lists the configurable parameters, their descriptions, and default values:

| Parameter | Description | Default value |
|-----------|-------------|---------------|

> | **global.applicationConnectorCaKey** | Specifies the base64 encoded private key for the Application Connector. If not provided it will be generated. | `` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **global.applicationConnectorCaKey** | Specifies the base64-encoded private key for the Application Connector. If not provided it will be generated. | `` |
```

> | **global.applicationConnectorCa** | Specifies the base64 encoded certificate for the Application Connector. If not provided it will be generated | `` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **global.applicationConnectorCa** | Specifies the base64-encoded certificate for the Application Connector. If not provided it will be generated. | `` |
```

> | **application_connectivity_certs_setup_job.certificate.validityTime** | Specifies how long the generated certificate should be valid. | `92d` | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **application_connectivity_certs_setup_job.certificate.validityTime** | Specifies how long the generated certificate is valid. | `92d` | 
```
